Question:
What happens when you initialize a repository? 
Why do you need to do it?

Answer:
It sets up all the secret files in the background
that prepare Git to track your repository.

How is the staging area different from the 
working directory and the repository? 
What value do you think it offers?

Answer:
I wouldn't think it gives much value, except for
the fact that you can see what you have staged
in "Status" before you actually "commit" - and that
could be really useful, to be able to tell exactly
what will happen when you hit that button. 
But I wonder how you remove a file?
Looks like removing a file is trivial with the GUI.
Superuser.com says you can "--amend" maybe.
It seems rather complicated.
Oh it says:
Changes to be committed:
  (use "git rm --cached <file>..." to unstage)
  
Question: 
  How can you use the staging area to make sure 
  you have one commit per logical change?
  
Answer:
  You can check to see what changes are
  in process using "git diff" on the blobs.

Question:
What are some situations when branches 
would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?  

Answer: 
I don't know about making it organized,
but it gives you the freedom to try stuff,
and discard it without affecting the master.
I am still not entirely sure that this
is easier for me than making two folders,
but for someone ELSE using my directory
this would certainly be easier. Especially if
you are sure to make good messages on your commits.

Question:
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Answer:
Well they let you know where things diverge (and become branches).

Question:
What is the result of merging two branches together? 
Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Answer:
It combines files and shows you at which point which
changes were made. I can see how this would quickly
become cumbersome. Again a lot of this comes down
to humans leaving good notes for themselves to remind
why they did a merge/branch/etc what changed.

Question:
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic 
merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Answer:
The pros are that you can see a conflict,
and decide whether/how to resolve it.
It gives you much more security when two people
are working on a file at the same time, but you can
still manually make sure you don't blow someone
else's changes away.
The con is that you have to go line by line
through the changes and determine what to do.


	